Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
We accept the love we think we deserve. - Stephen Chbosky
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston S. Churchill
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself. - Rick Riordan
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet? - L.M. Montgomery
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes. - A.A. Milne
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. - Haruki Murakami
Always do what you are afraid to do. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King Jr.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.. - John Milton
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it. - Lloyd Alexander
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering. - Paulo Coelho
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it. - Maya Angelou
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right. - Isaac Asimov
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. - William Shakespeare
Turn your wounds into wisdom. - Oprah Winfrey

